Demands object also received quite a lot of new methods and functions though a lot of them are really
highly mathematical.
Like for example the hyperbolic sign of whatever you input as an argument so I'm trying you know metric
methods but there are also some other ones which I definitely don't want to hide.
And of course always and and that is true for all the objects.
A great way to find out more is simply had a word to the end the end to the muzzleloader Developer Network
and check the individual objects there.
If they have to function you're looking for because I really can't go through all of them and a lot
of them already are available anyways and you might not be aware that the function you're looking for
is already there.
So back to newly added methods I want to press.
There are mainly two which I think are might get used more often or aren't in that uninteresting.
So let's say I have the number which is minus 10 then I now have a new math function.
The math on the math object of course the sine method here.
Now if I enter number here what do you imagine what could this method actually do.
It returns minus 1 then what it actually does is it returns us sign.
So this is a negative number.
Therefore we get minus 1.
If I remove the minus in front of the 10.
Now what do you think we'll get.
Well of course we get the 1 and so now we have a positive number and that is all but signed really does
it gives us the sign of our number.
Now what does happened if I pass 0 will get minus 1 or 1.
What do you think
is the case he gets Yaro So number case.
If we have exactly zero.
And we will get zero.
And what if the pass not a number.
What do you think we'll now get.
We get not a number and the same is true if we pass a string for example in this case if I had run we
also get another number and number Newmar function which I find interesting is the trunk function.
If I have let's say this number this floating point number then I can use trunk method here and pass
number.
Now what do you think will it get if I had run while I get 0 and if I add free I also get free.
So it basically truncates this number and cuts off everything offered the decimal place.
Now you might think well that's basically the same as Ma floor right.
Because if I add more of Florida here and I hit run I also get free.
But you'll see that difference if I make this a negative number.
Do you think oh now I get I get minus four because that's the lower number in this case.
But we're trunk if I do run I'll get minus three.
And that's the key difference.
Truncate will actually cut off the decimal pieces or decimal places here and floor will give me the
next lower number.
So for positive numbers it works exactly the same but it doesn't for negative ones.
That's important to understand and that's probably where trunk could be helpful to you.
It spares you the act of having to get the absolute value for this before using ceil for a floor for
example.
So that's the difference.